Add values.yaml file (#92)
Azure-Samples/aks-platform-engineering: README.md

```
This will take some time to install and can be verified it is complete by seeing two ready pods in the `azure-infrastructure-system` namespace. 

> In order to install CAPI Operator with additional CRDs, you will need to use `helm install` with a `values.yaml` file and customize the `azureserviceoperator-controller-manager` deployment like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to install CAPI Operator with additional CRDs, `helm install` must use a `values.yaml` file since the commands cannot be passed on the command line.  documentdb and managedidentity CRDS are added by default in the provided [values.yaml file](./gitops/environments/default/addons/cluster-api-provider-azure/values.yaml) and can be optionally customized if desired.  For more information read the first section of [CAPZ versus Crossplane](./docs/capz-or-crossplane.md#cluster-api-provider-for-azure-capz-and-azure-service-operator-aso).
```

> ```yaml

Reviewer: I don't think you should put the full reference YAML example here because they don't need to modify it and it is pretty understandable how to modify it now that you have the baseline there.  A note with values file reference is good similar to what you have on line 121.  People can optionally go to the file and modify the CRDs they desire.

additionalDeployments:
  azureserviceoperator-controller-manager:
    deployment:
      containers:
      - name: manager
        args:
          --crd-pattern: "documentdb.azure.com/*;managedidentity.azure.com/*"
```

To use the example `values.yaml` file, run the following command:
```shell

> helm install capi-operator capi-operator/cluster-api-operator --create-namespace -n capi-operator-system --wait --timeout 90s -f gitops/environments/default/addons/cluster-api-provider-azure/values.yaml

Reviewer: Please replace the instructions (lines 111-117) with this new command as the default.
